FIX+ENH: Beautify tabular data fences (#2096)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/common-principles.md

Example:

```tsv {linenums="1"}
onset	duration	response_time	trial_type	trial_extra
200	20.0	15.8	word	中国人
240	5.0	17.34e-1	visual	n/a
```

!!! warning "Attention"

    The TSV examples in this document (like the one above this note) are occasionally

>     formatted with the addition of the row indexes
>     as first column.
>     Those indexes are presented for visual reference and
>     are not part of the tabular data file's content.
> 
>     Directly copying and then pasting these examples from the specification
>     for use in new BIDS datasets can lead to errors and is discouraged.

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant that in the `tsv` blocks, copy-pasting is now fine. We can remove the discouragement.

Also changing indexes to indices.

```suggestion
    formatted with the addition of the row indices as first column.
    Those indices are presented for visual reference and
    are not part of the tabular data file's content.
```

Example:

```tsv {linenums="1"}
onset	duration	response_time	trial_type	trial_extra
200	20.0	15.8	word	中国人
240	5.0	17.34e-1	visual	n/a

> ```

Reviewer: Copy-paste giving you TSV data is broken by line numbers. IDK if you know any way to split line numbers into a separate table that doesn't get selected...

```
	onset	duration	response_time	trial_type	trial_extra
0	200	20	15.8	word	中国人
1	240	5	1.734	visual	n/a
```

Author: I know. A quick search on using super-fences and the copy&paste feature did not give me anything I could quickly adopt.

My impression is that the best way of resolving this issue is through javascript (basically, keep the tab-formatted text without indexes in a hidden input element and when the text is selected and copied or the copy button is hit, then the content is drawn from the input element).

Author: Actually, I stand corrected. I set the `user-select: none` CSS rule and it disallows the indexes from being selected, which is quite convenient :)

Author: I'm marking it resolved because I think https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/2096/commits/11def619039a70c485fe7af35651ef1bab1b335d fully addresses the issue. Please reopen if it doesn't.

!!! warning "Attention"

    The TSV examples in this document (like the one above this note) are occasionally
    formatted with the addition of the row indexes
    as first column.
    Those indexes are presented for visual reference and

>     are not part of the tabular data file's content.

Reviewer: I guess this admonition didn't get updated (like the `Text` block), since copying and pasting was made to work.

Author: I'll have a look.

Author: Okay, I reintroduced the advice of not copying and pasting, let me know if that addresses the issue (https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/2096/commits/e278984347a89d3c3bd13f9c2dd1fa047d1545ac)
